# Local-Marketplace
CMSC 436

Project NameLocal Marketplace App Project Group 16Benjamin BellisJohn TrinhAndrew Yuen Minimal Project Goals The minimal goals for this project are to create a marketplace application where users can post items for sale and buy other users’ items. The app will be location based, tagging posted items with a location and showing users available items for sale within a specified radius around their location. If users want to purchase an item, they will be able to message the owner of that item to facilitate the purchase. Stretch Goals There are several stretch goals for this project. The first is to add support for e-payment, through methods like credit card, PayPal, Venmo, and Apple Pay within the app to offer a way for users to transfer money to each other. Another stretch goal is to develop a “recommended items” list based on a user’s previous listings and purchases, potentially using AI. The final stretch goals are to add a searching/filtering function for items to make it easier to find specific items for sale and to add a feedback system to rate the quality of a transaction (did the item arrive on time, in good condition, etc.). We will explore each of these stretch goals once the minimum project functionality has been completed. Timeline/Milestones/Work Assignments(Subject to change as needed) 4/16 – Complete and submit the project plan. Work will be divided as follows:User authentication - Ben/AndrewItem model/creation – BenItem viewing based on location - JohnUser messaging – AndrewUser interface - John 4/28 – Submit the update on project progress. By this point, we hope to have the individual components (as above) completed. 5/1 – Combine individual components to complete minimum functionality 5/7 – Final project submission and video